Security Headers Scanner
There are several other specialty websites
that we can use to gather information
about a website or domain’s security
posture.
Some of these sites blur the line between
passive and active information gathering,
but the key point for our purposes
is that a third-party is initiating any
scans or checks.
One such site, Security Headers, will
analyze HTTP response headers
and provide basic analysis of the target
site’s security posture.
We can use this to get an idea of an
organization’s coding and security
practices based on the results.
Let’s scan www.megacorpone.com and check
the results.
The site is missing several defensive
headers,
such as Content-Security-Policy and
X-Frame-Options.
These missing headers are not necessarily
vulnerabilities in and of themselves,
but could indicate that the target
environment has not been hardened.